Add a reference from contribution_to_project.rst to contributor_path.rst (#34)
ansible/community-docs: contribution_to_project.rst

---------------------------

Any other kinds of active social or material support are considered contributions to the project.

Contributor Path
----------------

> The `Contributor Path <contributor_path.rst>`_ is a document describing what and how you can achieve contributing to the project. Use the ideas from the `document <contributor_path.rst>`_ to make your own contributor path more determined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Contributor Path <contributor_path.rst>`_ document shows you the various ways you contribute to the project. It details how your journey can evolve over time.
```

Author: sounds good, committed, thanks!
